<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Badass by Comparison</title>
</head>

<body>
	<h1 class="heading">Badass by Comparison</h1>

	<p class="noindent"><span class="initial">I</span>n order to declare something to be officially fucking badass, we must first create a baseline from which we can measure.  So let's take a look at all the other piece of shit operating systems out there to see if any of them are badass or not.</p>
	<p>Let's start with an exercise. Stand up, wherever you are, and say the following:</p>
	<p>“OH SNAP!  Did you see that copy of Windows that he's running on that PC over there?  That's just like the one my Aunt Tabitha uses! Badass!  I am blown away by how homogeneously hardcore that is!”</p>
	<p>Now take note of the fact that you feel like a retard just for saying that. In fact, this is the first time, in human history, that those words have been put together in that order.  And it caused three of my fingers to spontaneously erupt into flames while I typed them out.</p>
	<p>[They didn't, actually.  I'm just pulling your leg there.  My fingers are fine.]</p>
	<p>“But, what about a Mac?  Those are pretty cool!” I hear some of you saying.</p>
	<p>No. No they are not.  And you are a bad person for having said so. Here. Let me help you out with a flowchart.</p>
	<p>…</p>
	<p>Ah, fuck it.  I'm too lazy to make a flowchart.  Just imagine one where there's a fuck-ton of arrows leading from “You Think Using a Mac is Cool” to “You Are a Bad Person”.</p>
	<p>But why?  Why are those other systems such steaming piles of donkey crap when compared with the badass – and minty fresh – awesomeness of Linux?  Excellent question!</p>
	<p>One might think that Linux is great simply by its very nature of not
	being Windows or MacOS.  But that thought would be wrong.  Let me
	paint a kick-ass picture for you.</p>
	<p>During a major league baseball game, you come up to bat.</p>
	<p>I know.  Sports metaphor.  Stick with me here.</p>
	<p>You step up to the plate, grip your bat, do that thing all baseball players do where they kick the dirt a little bit, and gaze out at the opposing team's pitcher.  Right about then you notice that he doesn't seem to be getting ready to throw the ball at you at all. In fact he looks like he's taking a wicked shit in his pants. Then he sits down, right there on the pitcher's mound, and eats a ham sandwich.</p>
	<p>[Seriously. What the fuck is the deal with that thing where they kick the dirt as they step up to the home plate?  Was the dirt not level enough? Was there something sparkly down there and they just needed to check it out real quick?  Makes no damned sense.]</p>
	<p>Looking around you notice all the other players on the field are also sitting down, pants full of their own doody, eating ham sandwiches.</p>
	<p>This does not mean that you are the best fucking baseball player to ever play the game.  All it means is that you didn't shit yourself and eat a ham sandwich.  At least, not right at that moment.</p>
	<p>[Though, now that I think about it, that is a good first step!]</p>
	<p>It means is that you have a chance.  The other players' incontinence (and non-Kosher diets) have given you an opportunity – a shot at being badass.  What you do with that shot is up to you.</p>
	<p>Now... I'm not saying that Windows and MacOS have full britches (in the not-awesome way).  But they are about as far from badass as you can get.  And that not only gave Linux the opportunity to badass it up, but the motivation as well.</p>
	<p>“Motivation? How does having Windows and MacOS metaphorically crap themselves give motivation to... anyone?”</p>
	<p>Nature abhors a vacuum.</p>
	<p>“Whut?”</p>
	<p>If a field has no plants, some will soon grow.  If you have a tribe of warriors, one man must rise up to lead them.  If no badass Operating System exists, one must be made.</p>
	<p>And that, my dear friends, is why Linux is badass.  Because it must be.</p>

</body>
</html>
