<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Badass Leadership</title>
</head>

<body>

	<h1 class="heading">Badass Leadership. (Or “My crazy, neck beard dude can beat up your marketing dude.”)</h1>

	<p class="noindent"><span class="initial">S</span>teve Balmer, the current CEO of Microsoft, has a reputation of being... a bit intense. He has a tendency to get up in front of the Microsoft faithful and, while taking on the role of the cheerleader, work himself into a minor frenzy. "Developers, Developers, Developers, Developers" goes the chant.</p>
	<p>His enthusiasm for what he does, and what people within his company do, is tangible. And, let’s be honest, that can be rather charming. In a sweaty, frightening way.</p>
	<p>[Overly long side note: Back during the release of Windows 2000, I worked at Microsoft. Specifically I worked on a team building Windows Media Player for Mac OS and Solaris – which was a totally real thing. Despite me having no real involvement in the Windows 2000 launch itself, I got to go to the launch party. Which had laser tag. Which was pretty fucking sweet. Wait. Why did I bring this up? Oh, right. Balmer. So Balmer was there to speak to the crew. I ended up standing in the front row, with my plate of party food, when he took the stage. Many things were said to get the troops excited. But then something... intense happened. He jumped into talking about Linux. Specifically how much he hates it. “I. HATE. LINUX.” He really got into it. When all was said and done there was a significant number of spittle drops on my glasses and I scooted out of there in a hurry. I don’t say this to suggest that Balmer spit on me (though, technically, he did)... but to show just how damned passionate and animated the man is.]</p>
	<p>Balmer has style (or, at least, a style). Balmer has personality. He may not be your cup of tea, but you can’t deny those two facts. Just the same, at the end of the day, Balmer is a salesman. He’s in marketing. Which severely limits his awesome potential.</p>
	<p>Let’s look at the flip-side of that coin: Richard Stallman.</p>
	<p>Stallman, the founder of the Free Software Foundation and the GNU project, is... Oh, jeeze.</p>
	<p>How do I say this... He is a strange little dude with a big beard.</p>
	<p>Stallman makes over-the-top statements about an almost mind-boggling number of topics.</p>
	<p>Wondering what he thinks about human beings having sex with dolphins? Well, my friend, that is damned convenient. Because he’s talked about it and you can find his ideas on Man-Dolphin love (which you can never, ever get out of your head again) right on the Internet.</p>
	<p>Want to watch a video of him picking shit off his feet, and eat it (and go back for seconds), while he addresses an entire room full of Linux users? Bam. On the Internet. (Again... no chance you can forget that. Some things simply cannot be unseen.)</p>
	<p>Now I’m not saying this to demonstrate anything bad about Stallman. Quite the contrary. These examples (which are 2 of roughly 5 million bat-shit-crazy things that the man has said or done over the years) simply prove two simple points.</p>

	<ol>
		<li>Richard Stallman doesn’t give a flying fuck what you think of him. He’s going to do shit his way.</li>
		<li>Richard Stallman "thinks outside the box".</li>
	</ol>

	<p>When I say "thinks outside the box", I don’t mean it in that uber-annoying corporate way – like when you’re manager, at your performance review, instructs you to spend more time "thinking outside the box" and you just kinda want to punch him in the eye-ball.</p>
	<p>No. I’m talking about REALLY thinking outside the box. Here. Let me illustrate with an example.</p>
	<p>Normal "Thinking Outside The Box" : You need to ship a box of CD’s to Florida by tomorrow morning – but it’s too late to use conventional shipping services. So you buy a plane ticket and fly over to Florida that night to get the CD’s there on time.</p>
	<p>REALLY "Thinking Outside The Box" : Same problem. More awesome solution. Create a black hole that eats the entire land-mass between you and Florida – thus making Florida suddenly within walking distance, even from Australia (which is 18 million miles away from anything).</p>
	<p>Sure, millions of people were killed in the process. But at least you didn’t need to fly on the red-eye.</p>
	<p>That right there is the big difference between your average, every day technology company leaders and the kind of leaders we have in the Open Source and Linux world. Where most projects are led by reasonable people with, potentially, a few quirks – we, in the Linux world, get crazy motherfuckers who will eat those reasonable peoples’ brains, absorb their power, then attack Los Angeles with an army of radioactive rodents.</p>
	<p>And Stallman is but one example. The Linux world is lousy with folks with similar inclinations and endless power.</p>
	<p>Also neck beards. A lot of our guys have neck beards.</p>

</body>
</html>
