<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>A Badass Introduction</title>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 class="heading">A Badass Introduction</h1>

  <p class="noindent"><span class="initial">W</span>hat you are about to read is one seriously fucking important book. Every single, g-d damn word.</p>
  <p>Because Linux is badass. Seriously badass. We’re talking Sylvester Stalone and Chuck Norris had their genes combined to create a clone baby. And that baby kicked a football to the moon. And then the moon fucking exploded. And fucking candy flew out. Good candy too, not like fucking red vines or some shit like that.</p>
  <p>[“not like fucking red vines or some shit like that”. Hemingway, eat your heart out.]</p>
  <p>This is a book about that. About Linux. And Linux achieving such stellar levels of badassery.</p>
  <p>Don’t know what Linux is? Fuck you. This book isn’t for you. Stop reading right now and go buy a book about the history of tampons; you can’t handle this book. How the shit did you even manage to find this book?</p>
  <p>[Yay! Alienating my potential customer base! I’m going to make millions!]</p>
  <p>Know what Linux is but don’t think it’s baddass? Read this book. Read the shit out of this book. When you’re done you’ll know why you were being such a complete dumb-ass.</p>
  <p>[Huh. So, in my head, apparently “badass” is just one, plain old normal word and “dumb-ass” is hyphenated. I almost deleted these last few lines during editing for fear that they would offend folks. But I decided to keep them. Because that’s more badass.]</p>

</body>
</html>
