<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>A Very Boring Introduction</title>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 class="heading">A Very Boring Introduction</h1>

  <p class="noindent"><span class="initial">O</span>ver the years I’ve written a boatload of articles about Linux. Not a big boat, mind you. Possibly only a medium sized boat, but a boat nonetheless, and it was somewhat loaded. Most of those articles being firmly in the “safe for work” camp. Reviews, editorials, breaking news – fine, upstanding journalist-y stuff.</p>
  <p>But, on occasion, I just don’t feel like being upstanding.</p>
  <p>That is where this book comes in. This book is foul-mouthed and ridiculous. This is my outlet for being profane and stupid – with a few intelligent thoughts (purely accidental, I swear) hidden underneath the F-bombs and neck-beard jokes.</p>
  <p>This book is like that little valve on a hot water heater that releases steam, whenever the pressure gets too great, so that the damned thing doesn’t turn into a missile. Except, instead of steam, it’s boner jokes. Ergo, this book is the only thing that kept me from turning into a boner joke missile.</p>
  <p>Which is now a real thing. Because I just wrote those words together.</p>
  <p>After I pulled together a few pieces, I realized it worked as a book. Maybe not a classy book.</p>
  <p>Nor a long book. But a book. Definitely, technically a book. But there was something missing... something that I didn’t realize right away.</p>
  <p>What this book needed... was a choose your own adventure story.</p>
  <p>Why not, right? I’d already written a chapter called “It just works? Fuck that!” so why limit myself? I loved choose your own adventure books as a kid and figured an adventure focused on Linux would fit right in with the rest of this absurd collection of words.</p>
  <p>So I wrote that and slapped it right on the end. Because that’s just the kind of book this is.</p>
  <p>[Pro Tip: In various parts, throughout the book, you will find some some portions in square brackets. Just like this paragraph. Those are little asides I added in after I finished the book, and went back over it and had thoughts that I wanted to add to whatever it is I had written. You can safely skip over the bracketed portions and still get the gist of things. Usually.]</p>
</body>
</html>
